build: post-process dist .d.ts to expand typeof-unexported-const aliases (#2201)
Gusto/embedded-react-sdk: docs/api/Employee/hooks.md

***

<a id="joboptionalfieldstorequire"></a>

### JobOptionalFieldsToRequire

Override which fields are required on a given submission mode of [useJobForm](#usejobform).

#### Remarks

Each mode key lists the fields that are optional by default for that mode
but should be promoted to required. `stateWcClassCode` is automatically
required when `stateWcCovered` is `true` and is not configurable here.

| Field | Required on create | Required on update | Configurable? |
| ----- | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------- |
| `title` | Yes | No | Yes (on update) |
| `hireDate` | Yes | No | Yes (on update) |
| `twoPercentShareholder` | No | No | Yes (either mode) |
| `stateWcCovered` | No | No | Yes (either mode) |

> | `stateWcClassCode` | When WC is covered | When WC is covered | No (auto) |

Reviewer: It's beautiful!

#### Example

```tsx
const job = useJobForm({
  employeeId,
  jobId,
  optionalFieldsToRequire: {
    update: ['title', 'hireDate'],
  },
})
```

#### Properties

| Property | Type | Description |
| ------ | ------ | ------ |

> | `create?` | (`"twoPercentShareholder"` \| `"stateWcCovered"`)[] | Fields to require in create mode |

Reviewer: Nit: maybe 
```suggestion
| `create?` | (`"twoPercentShareholder"` \| `"stateWcCovered"`)[] | Fields that can be required in create mode |
```

Author: ooh good suggestion, updating that in the tsdoc for both create and update
